docs: complete overhaul and switch to `mkdocs` (#321)
fluxcd/helm-operator: docs/index.md

# Helm Operator

The Helm Operator is a [Kubernetes operator](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/),
allowing one to declaratively manage Helm chart releases. Combined with

> [Flux](https://github.com/fluxcd/flux) this can be utilized to automate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Flux](https://github.com/fluxcd/flux) it can automate
```

> releases in a GitOps manner, but the usage of Flux is not a strict

Reviewer: ```suggestion
releases in a GitOps manner, but the use of Flux is not a strict
```

requirement.

> The desired state of a Helm release is described through a Kubernetes

Reviewer: This is a concise and lucid explanation of the operator :100:
